[Music]
the relative piece of the ceasefire is a
distant memory in Gaza once again the
strip is an active war
zone Israel has renewed its bombing
campaign with a wave of air strikes from
the north to the South and once again
for Palestinians nowhere feels safe fear
and destruction are part of
life there is nothing there's no civil
defense there are no ambulances there's
no medical
rescue crew say they no longer have
working machinery to search for
survivors under the rubble people offer
each other what little Comfort they
can people are just lying on the ground
there are body parts everywhere there
are dozens of
victims alaa Hospital in central Gaza is
one of the few still operating but
Health officials say the medical
supplies allowed in during the ceasefire
were nowhere near enough and more
families have been torn
apart hundreds of Palestinians have been
killed since Friday morning some already
laid to rest they joined the more than
15,000 Palestinians most of them women
and children killed in 2 months of
war and now there's growing fear that
Israel is expanding its assault bombing
Southern Gaza areas it previously
described as safe the release of
captives from Gaza and of Palestinians
held in Israeli prisons would require
another ceasefire and Qatar says the
bombing of Gaza is complicating
mediation efforts with Israel and Hamas
and it's also interrupted the delivery
of much needed humanitarian Aid the Rafa
Crossing Authority says trunks are stuck
at the border with Egypt unable to enter
when fighting is going on it makes it
that much more complicated challeng in
and most importantly dangerous for those
delivering the aid and receiving the
aid surrounded by ruins living in Terror
Palestinians brace for more attacks and
cling to the Hope another ceasefire will
take hold ktia Lan Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
alzer